chore(vrts): define new spec `listPropsOfChild` prop (#1149)
commercetools/ui-kit: test/percy/README.md

You may use the prop `propsToList` to specify which props you want to display within the snapshot. Ideally, these should be the ones which you are testing. If `propsToList` is not defined, every prop will be displayed.
If don't want to display any props at all, use `omitPropsList`.

> If you want to display of the child of the children you pass it, use `listPropsOfChild`. This can be useful if you need to wrap your component in a `ThemeProvider`.

Reviewer: This phrase sounds a bit confusing to me.. It's hard to refer to a "grand-child" of a component 😆 

Maybe something like
```suggestion
If you want to display the props of a nested component which is wrapped by the direct child of `Spec`, use `listPropsOfChild`. This can be useful if you need to wrap your component in a `ThemeProvider`.
```
